add documentation on how to increase storage via the API (#517)
tembo-io/website: src/content/docs/product/cloud/configuration-and-management/increase-storage.mdx

Changes will only take effect after clicking **Save**. Increasing storage does not restart your database.

![storage](./storage.png)

### Via API

> First, you will need to generate an API token so that you can communicate with your Tembo instance. Navigate to cloud.tembo.io/generate-jwt and follow the instructions to generate a token. Alternatively, you can follow the instructions [here](/docs/development/api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you will need to generate an API token so that you can communicate with your Tembo instance. Navigate to [cloud.tembo.io/generate-jwt](https://cloud.tembo.io/generate-jwt) and follow the instructions to generate a token. Read more about the Tembo API and tokens [here](/docs/development/api).
```
